[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
GET ANGRY GAUKO
♪ Croquettes, croquettes! ♪
I'll be right there, Toshio!
[Halley Tomoyo]  Hello?
[Kinpika] Are you open today?
[Babu Lisa] I want some croquettes!
What's going on?
Oh, Naoko.
We came to buy some croquettes,
but nobody's here.
[Naoko] Really?
Hello? Toshio?
I bet he's slacking off.
Don't say that about Toshio!
Hello?
Is anyone here?
-Hey, Toshio!
-Call him out more respectfully!
What's all this?
-Babu?
-Something wrong?
Oh, frozen pizza?
[Tomoyo]
Looks like it's imported from Italy.
Is Toshio going to start selling pizza
instead of croquettes?
He does tend to be rather fickle.
Hey, will you guys stop
bad-mouthing Toshio?
[all screaming]
[roaring]
What's going on?
Toshio?
What a disaster.
I'm sorry.
What's with all the pizzas?
Aunty ordered them by mistake.
Where'd she go?
Samba practice.
What will you do with the pizzas?
Ah, I was about to move them
to the basement freezer,
but it's going to be tough now
since the cart's broken.
I'll help!
Really? That would be great.
Thanks, everyone.
"Everyone"?
This is the basement freezer.
It's minus four degrees in there,
so you should wear these.
Ugh, this outfit is so lame.
Okay, let's go.
[door creaks]
-[Naoko] Wow, it's freezing.
-[Lisa] My runny nose will freeze.
[Halley Tomoyo] It's huge!
[Naoko] I can't believe
there's such a big storage under here.
Aunty runs a number of other businesses
besides the butcher shop.
[Naoko] A mammoth?
[Toshio] She's been asked to store
precious scientific finds, too.
Here's a frozen caveman,
a caveman and his family,
and an alien on ice.
[Naoko] Wow, they were on Earth
that long ago?
[Kinpika] I see now.
I had no idea Aunty
was such an amazing businesswoman.
Kinpika! Where'd your coat and gloves go?
I'm totally fine like this.
-In fact, I find it comfortable.
-Spoken like a true penguin!
[pants]
[grunts]
Watch this. The wet towel is...
frozen solid!
Wow, cool.
This is cool, too.
-What's that?
-Hot water.
Watch this.
Whoa!
Hey, you guys! Quit playing around!
-But...
-It wasn't our fault to begin with.
It's Gauko's fault we're here.
[groans]
[gasping]
Almost done.
[grunts]
Whoa, that was close.
[crunch]
Babu, babu...
-Agh, they got me!
-Lemme play, lemme play.
-[yelps]
-[Toshio] Careful.
Thank you, Toshio.
You don't have to carry so many at once.
-This is the last of them.
-This is it? That's great!
Thanks, everyone. You've been a huge help.
That's what friends are for.
Yeah, but I did most of the work.
-[clanks]
-[Toshio grunts]
-Huh?
-What's wrong?
-The door won't open.
-What?
-This is bad.
-I'm cold.
What's going to happen to us?
Oh! Babu Lisa, you have your phone!
Oh, right. I'll call for help.
Battery's dead.
Oh no!
That's because of your gaming!
Babu Lisa, you fool!
Don't call me a fool, you fool!
[Kinpika] That's what you are!
Naoko, are you okay?
-I'm feeling sleepy...
-[indistinct shouting]
That's not good. It's the cold.
[wind howling]
[Kinpika] Don't sleep!
Hang in there, Naoko!
What do you think you're doing?
That hurts!
I don't want to die here!
-I don't want to die, either.
-You'll be fine, Kinpika.
The cold's not an issue,
but I'll starve to death.
We have food.
Give me that!
I can't eat it frozen.
Too bad.
There's a lot of frozen pizza, too.
I know!
Naoko, turn into Gauko
and breathe your fire!
What?
Bake the pizzas with your fire!
Then we can eat them!
Easier said than done.
I can't transform anytime I want.
Let's make her angry.
Okay, let's all trash-talk Naoko.
Naoko is a silly little fool!
[all] Naoko is a silly little fool!
It takes more than childish trash-talk
to get me mad.
You always flip out and turn into Gauko
over small things but not when it matters?
-You're useless!
-"Useless"?
It's starting to work.
You useless piece of garbage!
You're the worst kind of garbage,
the kind that can't be recycled!
That's way too harsh!
-What is it?
-Well...
She doesn't want to turn into Gauko
in front of Toshio.
That's right. She got mad and turned into
Gauko when we were bad-mouthing him.
Okay, here goes...
Toshio is a big blockhead!
What did you just say?
Why are you getting angry?
Maybe Toshio should try
saying bad things about Naoko?
Me?
I can't say things like that.
It's to save everybody!
-But--
-Please!
Mmm...
Okay.
Here goes...
-Naoko.
-Huh?
I... I...
I hate girls who turn into dinosaurs!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[whimpers]
-[Naoko sobs] You're mean.
-Ah...
She's not mad, she's devastated.
Sorry, Naoko.
-[door opens]
-[all gasp]
What are you doing in here?
[all] We're saved!
I thought you wouldn't be back today.
Samba practice was canceled.
Lucky for us, it saved our life.
[all] What a relief!
-[Naoko] No, it's not!
-[all] Huh?
You all made fun of me!
Just remembering it makes me so mad!
You all said whatever you wanted,
and I know you meant some of it, too!
Why should I be the only one
who gets bad-mouthed?
[roaring]
[all screaming]
MATSUI MEAT SHOP
The frozen pizza! It all got baked!
The roasted mammoth looks delicious!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪